miaouBotREADME.md, before:

MiaouBot
========

Bot programmed to work on [Miaou chat](http://dystroy.org/miaou)

Commands
--------
To use commands, just write your command and then, if required, arguments.

Exemple:

`echo Roses are red`

####echo
Write back what you said

####afk [message]
If you write afk with a message, it would ping back the person who ping you and deliver the message you setted.

You can set the message anytime. When you come back, just write "afk" and it would stop this.

####pingback _(toggle)_
Type it once to activate it, it will be disabled if you type it the second time.

This command ping back anyone who ping you but with a delay.

####fancy _(toggle)_
Type it once to activate it, it will be disabled if you type it the second time.

This command enable a random formatting of your messages.

####flip
Put your text upside down

####yoda
Modify the order of the words in each sentences and make you wiser (or dumber)

####!@all
Put it anywhere in your message and it will ping everyone in the room. Be careful, avoid ban by using this with parsimony.

Exemple:

`Hello !@all`

Commit message:

Added status command and added fancy messages
It know use desktop notification to deliver the messages from the bot.

miaouBotREADME.md, after:

MiaouBot
========

Bot programmed to work on [Miaou chat](http://dystroy.org/miaou)

Commands
--------
To use commands, just write your command and then, if required, arguments.

Exemple:

`echo Roses are red`

####echo
Write back what you said (this option probably would disappear)

####status
List you the options which options are activated or not.

####afk [message]
If you write afk with a message, it would ping back the person who ping you and deliver the message you setted.

You can set the message anytime. When you come back, just write "afk" and it would stop this.

####pingback _(toggle)_
Type it once to activate it, it will be disabled if you type it the second time.

This command ping back anyone who ping you but with a delay.

####fancy _(toggle)_
Type it once to activate it, it will be disabled if you type it the second time.

This command enable a random formatting of your messages.

####flip
Put your text upside down

####yoda
Modify the order of the words in each sentences and make you wiser (or dumber)

####!@all
Put it anywhere in your message and it will ping everyone in the room. Be careful, avoid ban by using this with parsimony.

Exemple:

`Hello !@all`
